Add toradex-apalis installer and initial docs (#2)
OATS-Group/isoblue-avena: docs/hardware/toradex/install-apalis-manual.md

# Manual installing Debian on Toradex Apalis

_Note: This is our best effort guide. We only test with the automated
installation, but PRs with fixes/enhancements are always welcome._

1. Download the [`armhf` installer iso](https://cdimage.debian.org/debian-cd/current/armhf/iso-cd/debian-10.3.0-armhf-netinst.iso)
2. Download the [`installer-armhf` image](http://http.us.debian.org/debian/dists/buster/main/installer-armhf/current/images/hd-media/hd-media.tar.gz)
3. Format a USB stick to one FAT32 partition.
4. Un-gzip and un-tar `hd-media.tar.gz` to the USB stick root (`tar zxvf hd-media.tar.gz`)
5. Copy the `armhf` installer iso to USB stick root.
6. Connect to the serial interface of the Apalis board [as shown
   here](https://developer.toradex.com/getting-started/module-1-from-the-box-to-the-shell/unboxing-and-setup-cables-ixora-torizon?som=apalis-imx8&board=ixora-carrier-board&os=torizon&desktop=linux#step-2)

> 7. Hit any key early in the boot process to stop it and fall into the U-Boot
>    shell.

Reviewer: It's a really tight window to hit any key (1-2 seconds)
```suggestion
7. Immediately after pressing the power button, hit any key to stop the boot process and fall into the U-Boot
   shell.
```
